---

Copyright 2012-2013 xtUML.org

---

xtUML Project Implementation Note  
Formalizing Reflexive Association have no clear connection between association 
end and attribute


1. Abstract
-----------
 When formalizing reflexive associations, there is no clear connection between 
the formalizing attribute and the association end.

 For Reflexive associations with associative classes, formalizing results in two 
attributes with the same name in the association class. There is no possibility 
to connect each attribute to the association end without running the Verifier.

 Therefore, the formalizing dialogue should be introduced when formalizing 
reflexive associations, requesting a prefix to be set for each end. This 
dialogue must indicate which end of the association the respective attribute 

2. History
----------
None.

3. Document References
----------------------
[1] ClearQuest DEI dts0100835691 - Formalizing Reflexive Association have no 
	clear connection between association end and attribute
[2] https://github.com/xtuml/doc/tree/master/development/notes/dts0100835691

4. Background
-------------
None.

5. Requirements
---------------
None.

6. Work Required
----------------
See [2]

7. Implementation Comments
--------------------------
None.

8. Unit Test
------------
See [2]

9. Code Changes
---------------
Branch name: Review-dts0100835691  

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/arc/page.inc
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core/arc/wizard.inc

com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/src/(default package)/CoreTestSuiteGenerics.java
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/src/com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefixTestGenerics.java
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_1/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_1-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_1/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_1-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_10/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_10-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_10/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_10-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_11/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_11-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_11/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_11-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_12/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_12-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_12/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_12-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_13/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_13-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_13/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_13-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_14/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_14-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_14/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_14-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_15/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_15-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_15/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_15-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_16/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_16-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_16/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_16-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_2/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_2-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_2/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_2-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_23/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_23-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_23/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_23-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_24/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_24-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_24/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_24-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_25/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_25-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_25/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_25-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_26/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_26-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_26/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_26-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_27/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_27-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_27/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_27-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_28/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_28-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_28/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_28-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_29/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_29-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_29/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_29-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_3/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_3-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_3/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_3-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_30/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_30-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_30/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_30-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_31/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_31-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_31/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_31-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_32/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_32-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_32/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_32-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_33/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_33-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_33/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_33-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_34/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_34-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_34/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_34-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_35/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_35-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_35/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_35-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_36/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_36-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_36/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_36-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_37/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_37-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_37/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_37-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_38/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_38-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_38/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_38-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_39/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_39-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_39/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_39-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_4/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_4-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_4/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_4-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_40/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_40-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_40/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_40-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_41/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_41-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_41/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_41-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_42/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_42-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_42/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_42-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_43/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_43-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_43/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_43-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_44/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_44-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_44/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_44-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_45/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_45-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_45/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_45-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_46/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_46-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_46/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_46-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_47/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_47-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_47/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_47-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_48/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_48-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_48/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_48-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_49/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_49-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_49/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_49-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_5/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_5-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_5/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_5-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_50/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_50-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_50/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_50-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_51/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_51-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_51/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_51-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_52/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_52-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_52/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_52-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_53/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_53-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_53/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_53-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_54/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_54-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_54/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_54-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_55/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_55-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_55/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_55-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_56/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_56-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_56/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_56-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_57/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_57-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_57/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_57-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_58/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_58-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_58/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_58-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_59/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_59-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_59/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_59-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_6/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_6-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_6/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_6-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_60/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_60-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_60/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_60-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_61/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_61-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_61/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_61-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_62/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_62-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_62/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_62-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_63/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_63-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_63/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_63-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_64/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_64-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_64/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_64-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_65/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_65-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_65/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_65-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_66/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_66-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_66/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_66-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_7/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_7-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_7/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_7-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_8/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_8-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_8/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_8-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_9/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_9-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_9/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_9-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_10/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_10-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_10/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_10-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_11/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_11-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_11/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_11-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_12/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_12-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_12/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_12-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_13/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_13-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_13/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_13-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_14/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_14-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_14/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_14-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_15/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_15-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_15/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_15-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_16/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_16-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_16/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_16-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_29/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_29-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_29/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_29-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_30/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_30-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_30/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_30-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_31/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_31-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_31/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_31-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_32/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_32-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_32/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_32-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_33/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_33-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_33/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_33-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_34/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_34-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_34/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_34-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_35/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_35-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_35/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_35-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_36/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_36-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_36/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_36-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_37/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_37-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_37/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_37-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_38/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_38-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_38/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_38-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_7/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_7-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_7/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_7-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_8/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_8-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_8/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_8-112.jpg
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_9/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_9-112
com.mentor.nucleus.bp.core.test/expected_results/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_9/
    FormalizeUnformalizeWithPrefix_test_Special_9-112.jpg



End
---

